somehow I've sold tens of millions of
exercise DVDs without having to sell and
the way that I've done that is through
testimonials I took that knowledge
understanding that people don't
necessarily want to hear from you the
business owner the Creator they want to
hear from other people they want to know
like does this thing really work and so
I want to share with you what I've
learned about the power of testimonials
if you're someone who feels weird and
creepy selling if you're uncomfortable
when you get to the part where you have
to ask people for money or tell people
about your product even though you're
really proud of it you are going to love
this
[Music]
episode testimonials are one of the best
most underutilized tools that
entrepreneurs are are forgetting how
important it is hey my name is shelene
Johnson welcome to this edition of build
your tribe I want to make the case for
especially those of you who are not
comfortable selling and for those of you
who are really good at selling and
aren't using this incredibly powerful
tool it's a strategy really to bring it
all the way back I want to share with
you how it was I learned the power of
these testimonials so I created a
fitness program a hundred years ago and
I I had people who were doing this
workout now I believed in the workout I
was in love with the workout but when we
started marketing it on
infomercials and I didn't know this but
the experts that we used to you know
bottom line was on the line like they
had to make millions of dollars cuz
they're spending millions of dollars to
sell these programs it wasn't me that
they used to sell it was people's
experience people who had been using
this fitness program they had designed
and hearing their stories just having
them share with people their own
experience is what helped us to become a
number one infomercial and what I
learned is that there is a recipe and
there's a reason why testimonials work
so whether it is a $9 product that
someone's selling on Amazon or a course
for $2,000 or something that people are
buying on infomercial or or something
that people see on your Instagram
stories it is so much more powerful when
we hear about other people's experiences
you know that to be true I mean the last
time you went on Amazon right I
guarantee if there were two products
they look the same about the same price
but one has massive amounts of reviews
and the other one has no reviews have
you done that have you seen that before
I have I'm not going to buy
from the link of the the brand or the
product that doesn't have any
testimonials because I want to know it
actually works not because the
description tells me it works but
because other real people say it works
so the number one thing you want to
remember is that people want social
proof we believe our friends and our
referrals more than we trust the Creator
I mean they have an agenda but the
person who's a customer and left a
review or shared about their own
experience that person is is singing its
Praises often time hopefully without
being compensated and by the way the FDC
is really cracked down on people who are
now uh have been found out for using
like fake testimonials or making up AI
testimonials or or even being paid for
their review that that stuff doesn't
work anymore so I want you to think
about using your customers experience
and if you're someone who you're like
well how do I use a testimonial if I
haven't sold anything yet you can get
testimonials it's just by simply asking
someone who you've helped hey can you
share with me in a couple of words how
it was I've helped you doesn't
necessarily mean that they have to be a
paid customer people just want to know
does your thing does it work so don't be
afraid to even text if you're brand new
starting out just text some of the
people you've helped say hey can you
send me a a few sentences about how
Fillin the blank helped you a good
testimonial or a collection of
testimonials can overcome other people's
objections think about yourself when
you're going to buy something there are
questions you have like well will it
work in this particular situation uh
will it work under these conditions for
example I want to buy this little drone
I saw on Tik Tok and I saw I kept seeing
this thing over and over and over again
I'm like well all these people are
trying to make money selling it but I
don't know how to operate a drone do I
have to have a license do I is is it
really that dummy proof and the only way
I could get that objection answered and
feel like the answer was credible was by
looking at reviews and there were tons
of reviews I literally bought that thing
based on every person's review that they
overcame my objections I want to know is
it
lightweight uh is it really that easy to
operate I wanted to know is the quality
good I wanted to know do I have to have
a license to operate this thing every
single objection I had was answered in
the testimonials a lot of times
customers aren't even looking at
whatever objections you're overcoming in
your copy or in your description they're
looking at people's reviews so it's so
important that you remember that's where
we build trust we trust people who have
no real
agenda
we really believe people when we hear a
little bit in their story that looks
like our own right like so when I was
reading the perfect example when I'm
reading those reviews for the little
drone I I was looking for someone who
wasn't um a gear Head wasn't someone who
like collects cameras and knows already
how to operate a drone I wanted to look
at I was looking for someone who was
like me was like I I can barely use my
iPhone am I going to be able to operate
this thing so remember that when you're
putting together your own testimonials
look for those sentences those people
who are going to appeal to a certain
audience that you're trying to
reach and feel good about asking asking
for your customers experiences it's an
incredible you don't even have to call
it a testimonial when we reach out to
our own students our own customers we
say hey we want to tell the world about
your success we don't say like hey we
want you to write a testimonial about
your experience like what's in it for
them rather hey we want to share with
our audience with our potential
customers we want to share your success
we want to highlight what you've been
able to do whether whether it's you know
weight loss or someone transforming
their business whatever it is you've
been able to help people to do rather
than reaching out to those customers and
saying hey create a testimonial for me
say look I want to share your success
that's what you're doing when people are
reading testimonials or seeing a
testimonial they are looking for the
transformation remember people buy
because it saves them time saves them
money helps them avoid pain helps them
to transform to to feel something to be
something to to change in some way to
improve right or it just makes us feel
good so remember those five elements
when you're looking at your best
testimonials before we go much further
we've looked at our stats and are
shocked by how many people are watching
the show but aren't subscribed so if
that's you we've noticed that the people
who are are subscribed are like really
cool and good things are happening for
them in their life Liv And so like I
wouldn't want you to miss out on that I
mean Hello so I mean it's free why
wouldn't you subscribe subscribe hit
that like button back to the content now
briefly what types of testimonials work
the best well video testimonials are
awesome but they're hard to get right I
want to give you like this is a
something I discovered this year that
has blown me away and I've been creating
testimonials and you know cultivating
great content and curating the perfectly
worded test tonial and we've tried
everything we've tried to send a script
to people and say answer these questions
so you can get a great video testimonial
you want to know how you get the best
video
testimonial do a zoom call with your top
clients with the person who you know has
had success do a zoom call with them let
them speak directly to you then you'll
get their emotion it'll feel real it
will be real it'll be raw it'll be
unscripted we've all seen like the
infomercial where it's so obvious that
person is a paid actor or and if they're
not it feels like they're a paid actor
so it's not believable but when you put
two now now you've got video footage
right of course obviously you're going
to let them know that you're recording
it you'd like to use it and then you
just edit it down when you're editing
down your testimonial videos think about
the words that matter we don't need the
whole back people don't want the whole
backstory the only people are listening
for is can you overcome my objection how
did you transform how how did this work
for you we don't need all the extra
details chop chop chop like brief be
very very brief but if you don't have
the opportunity to collect video
testimonials email your customers just
using their photo their first name and
maybe the last initial and one or two
sentences is a great way to you get a
testimonial if you want to get
testimonials from your super
high-powered successful clients the ones
who like don't even have time to open up
an email here's my tip for you write the
testimonial for them and say like hey
I've written this for you but I would
love for you to just tweak it and if
there's any words you want to change so
that it's in your words and it's
actually something you would say um I
would really appreciate it or if you
want to write something from scratch
that's great people do that for me all
the time and I love it usually it's
enough like to get me started and then I
give them a full-blown testimonial but
just the thought that someone cared
enough to recognize I'm super busy and I
might not have time to do this makes it
so much easier so you're you're reducing
that friction that you might otherwise
experience with someone who's super busy
and aren't we all testimonials are Game
Changer they are social proof they need
to be in your email marketing they need
to be on your sales Pages they need to
be on your landing pages they even need
to be on your opt-in pages this is how
we create trust and even if people know
us they need our solution if they don't
trust us they don't buy they don't take
action so if you want people to take
action without you having to do the
selling testimonials are the way to go
go thanks so much for joining me on this
edition of build your tribe my goal is
to be brief to be bright to make it fun
and then be done we're done please do me
a favor write a little blip on Apple
iTunes or wherever it is you listen to
this podcast or watch this podcast if
perhaps you are on YouTube and tell us
which episode did you get something that
was incredibly valuable I would love for
you to write that testimonial and as
always thank you for spending your time
with us there's nothing you have that's
more valuable so I appreciate it
[Music]